MTV-1352: Documentation of MTV performance 2.6 (#544)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/mtv-performance-addendum.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="mtv-performance-addendum_{context}"]
= {project-short} performance addendum

> 

Reviewer: > The data provided here was gathered in Red Hat Labs and  is provided for reference only. Overall these numbers can be considered to show the best-case scenarios.
> Observed migration performance can differ from these results and depends on a number of factors.

@mordechai we should include something like this.

[id="mtv-single-esxi-performance_{context}"]
== Single ESXi performance

Test migration using the same ESXi host.

In each iteration, the total VMs are increased, to display the impact of concurrent migration on the duration.

The results show that migration time is linear when increasing the total VMs (Utilization 70%).

> The optimal number of VMs per ESXi is 10.

Reviewer: Should this be moved into the single ESXi section?

Reviewer 2: We write the same in the recommendation of Single ESX concurency

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="mtv-performance-addendum_{context}"]
= {project-short} performance addendum

include::snip_performance.adoc[]

[id="mtv-esxi-performance_{context}"]
== ESXi performance

.Single ESXi performance

Test migration using the same ESXi host.

In each iteration, the total VMs are increased, to display the impact of concurrent migration on the duration.

> The results show that migration time is linear when increasing the total VMs (Utilization 70%).

Reviewer 2: **(50 GB disk**, Utilization 70%)
We better say how much data is moved

The optimal number of VMs per ESXi is 10.

.Single ESXi tests
[width="100%",cols="45%,7%,7%,15%,13%,13%",options="header",]
|===
| Test Case Description
| MTV
| VDDK
| max_vm inflight
| Migration Type
| Total Duration

> |cold migration , 10 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network footnoteref:[note1,Private Network refers to a non -Management network]

Author: ```suggestion
|cold migration , 10 VMs , Single ESX , Private Network footnoteref:[note1,Private Network refers to a non -Management network]
```

|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|0:21:39

|cold migration , 20 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|0:41:16

|cold migration , 30 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|1:00:59

|cold migration , 40 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|1:23:02

|cold migration , 50 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|1:46:24

|cold migration , 80 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|2:42:49

|cold migration , 100 VMs , ESX 02-03 , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|3:25:15
|===

.Multi ESXi hosts and single data store

> In each iteration, the number of ESXi hosts were increased, to show that increasing the number of ESXi hosts improves the migration time.

Reviewer 2: Add the size of VMs, it is important (50 GB Disk, 70% utilized)

> In each iteration, the number of ESXi hosts were increased, to show that increasing the number of ESXi hosts improves the migration time.

Author: ```suggestion
In each iteration, the number of ESXi hosts were increased, to show that increasing the number of ESXi hosts improves the migration time (50 GiB disk, Utilization 70%).
```

[width="100%",cols="45%,9%,9%,13%,12%,12%",options="header",]
|===
|Test Case Description
|MTV
|VDDK
|Max_vm inflight
|Migration Type
|Total Duration

|cold migration , 100 VMs , Single ESXi , Private Network footnoteref:[note3,Private Network refers to a non-Management network]
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|3:25:15

|cold migration , 100 VMs , 4 ESXs (25 VMs per ESX) , Private Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|1:22:27

|cold migration , 100 VMs , 5 ESXs (20 VMs per ESX) , Private Network , 1 DataStore
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|1:04:57
|===

[id="mtv-different-migration-network_{context}"]
== Different migration network performance

Each iteration the `Migration Network`  was changed, using the *Provider*, to find the fastest network for migration.

The results show that there is no degradation using management compared to non-managment networks when all interfaces and network speeds are the same.

.Different migration network tests
[width="100%",cols="45%,9%,9%,13%,12%,12%",options="header",]
|===
|Test Case Description
|MTV
|VDDK
|max_vm inflight
|Migration Type
|Total Duration

|cold migration , 10 VMs , Single ESXi , MGMT Network
|2.6
|7.0.3
|100
|cold
|0:21:30

> |cold migration , 10 VMs , ESXi 01-03 , Private Network footnoteref:[note2,Private Network refers to a non-Management network]

Author: ```suggestion
|cold migration , 10 VMs , Single ESXi , Private Network footnoteref:[note2,Private Network refers to a non-Management network]
```

|2.6
|7.0.3
|20
|cold
|0:21:20

> |cold migration , 10 VMs , 1 ESXi(0203) , Default Network

Author: ```suggestion
|cold migration , 10 VMs , Single ESXi , Default Network
```
